So the first browser hints or a browser
hint is a hint that the browser uses in
order to or that we can use to tell
the browser like, hey, these resources
are important, make sure to fetch this
maybe before the user requested it or
something just to have that
faster navigation or faster load.
So one of them is prefetch.
And a prefetch is an attribute
that we can use to fetch
those resources in the background and
cache them.
So whenever a user actually request them,
we can as quickly get it from cache
instead of having to make a request
all the way to the server.
So the browser will prefetch a resource
whenever the browser is idle and it's also
calculated that it's got enough bandwidth
to actually prefetch that resource.
So for example,
I think I'm showing it here.
So if we have that route-based splitting
and we've seen maybe from our analytics
that most of our users after going to
the website are going to the about page.
I don't know,
maybe there's just something trendy there.
So although we don't want to
have that in our initial bundle,
we can still prefetch it.
So when the browser is idle, has
the resources to do that, it'll cache it.
So when the user then actually clicks
on it, it can just quickly get it from
cache and we don't have to go
all the way to the server.
Now, of course this is just based on
the route-based splitting example that we
saw before.
But prefetching could be for anything,
maybe images that will show up a bit
later below the fold or any components,
maybe that the search input
component that we saw before.
If we know that most users will click
there even though it's still its own
bundle we can just prefetch that
to make sure it's already cached.
Yeah, so we can either use that
with just an html prefetch or
in Webpack we can actually use another
magic comment called webpackPrefetch.
And what this does is
when it bundles the code,
it will just create a link
like this with that prefetch.
Yeah, so
the trainers are pretty good because if we
have a resource that should be prefetched,
we can deliver very fast loading
time because that request doesn't
have to go all the way to a server,
get this giant bundle,
instead they could just get it from cache.
But of course, we have to make sure
that we only prefetch the resources that
are actually required cuz we don't want to
unnecessarily fetch all this data, use our
users bandwidth to fetch the data and then
cache it if they never end up using it.
So don't use this everywhere,
just use this for
the resources that are likely
to be requested soon.
Now the next one is preload and this one
is a bit more aggressive than prefetch
because with prefetch,
the browser will be like, okay,
do I have enough bandwidth,
I'm idle, can I request this?
But with a preload, it will download
the resource, it will get it.
Actually your browser will,
at least Chrome will show you a warning,
it'll be like, hey,
you preloaded this resource but
it wasn't visible in the viewport
within three seconds.
You should not be preloading this
cuz it wasn't that important.
But for example, if for some reason
we wanted to have a landing page and
the search flyout was always open.
Yeah, so it wasn't based on a user
click or just always there but
it still should be its own bundler.
In that case we could preload that and
even though in this animation it's pretty
slow of course,
this will happen super fast.
So in that case this bundle request
will be in parallel with the main
bundle request.
So when it's fetching the main bundle,
it'll use it, it will cache it and
then instantly use that bundle as well.
Yeah, so
the implementation is pretty similar.
So you can instead of using
prefetching use preload and
also use a Webpack magic comment with
what that preload instead of prefetch.
This is only after Webpack 4.3 I believe
before that you had to use some plugins
and preload plugin.
Yeah, so a preload you will often use for
maybe images that are instantly
available like a banner image that
might usually take a while to fetch.
We can preload it to make sure that
that has already been fetched or
fonts stuff like that.
Just anything that's important
on the initial render.
Yeah, of course the performance here,
it's just important to
make sure that you're only preloading
the stuff that's actually necessary.
All right, lots to take in but
that was the last thing up for
that performance pattern.
So maybe they will make a bit more sense
when we talk about rendering patterns.
>> For the browser hints,
the implementation examples you
showed with the link,
you already know the bundler name.
>> Yeah.
>> I guess would you normally if
you're using Webpack as bundler,
would you just do the magic comments?
>> Exactly.
>> [INAUDIBLE], okay.
>> Like in this case if we're also using
the magic comment with the chunk name,
we do know the bundle name but
in most cases you don't or
you're not going to add this
chunk name for all these bundles.
So yeah, in most cases you would
just use these magic comments so
to let Webpack automatically do that, but
not if you're using images or something.
If you know your banner image wants to
prefetch or preload that actually or
font stuff like that, so.